dear visitors of the exhibition
hello glad young man you are not
tell us your opinion about skoda yeti us
why did you get behind this car accounting
I mean comfort
ok car family icon
I can say
and for what purpose you are such a car
considering families would you like we
here on the car resist just something
and what up from the pros and cons of you would
noted
this car to him wall day time
such
that you do not like money
explain pliz seat they are narrow not
have left
really
on youtube youtube and comfortable seating a
what is missing seat
term
no income small ass shorter than a chin 2
they say audit approach goes straight care
shock and also not a sports car
instead, he just believes in the company
wanted to do something as if sporty
style in the cabin and so they will make these
side nose ribs if there is no wind here
Exactly my lawyer will pay
equal to the excess, they think of
functionality of the interior in general
closed everything works comfortable
steering wheel adjustment
Previously, the version considered the old version
traveling like a generation someone
will try
we are ready
just a nudist characteristic of you
suits more cohesive forces
Interesting, that's all. and front silence
hunters bards uncomfortable absolutely
marry and under here I 've never come here
Farrell let me down
media inductors but switch here this
copper and here this option which costs
will take order in my 15,000 rubles or
purgatory and hell this is too much
corresponds through a special adapter
under chop and anything but if
and why pay more newspapers this
Nibiru option that worked
well, why is it all
then his iphone obey the helm
my as if not
water and now through this can already appreciate
there iphone can even be made
me and review
day
beat me
I don't have huts and bundling I'm very
a job I betrayed Lipetsk
car house level similarity
volkswagen
should have been
and they have me murder was anyone
come and why do we need
a lot of fire time
all forehead youth here he was done
other
I will order from option here
only extra fed rubles nothing more expensive
it was possible to steal any
and it will be better to do the process
dating photo
and take off or kick
diplomas
in general, what was the assessment set
this car did not take off that I
stepper not looking
cook on 87
abundantly for yourself up
great and you are a young man
but again the last name modifies the field
would draw subjectively yes yes
intense to me so wrong
so convince and absolute you won't
but objectively in your dress
style
if you compare with the current kill ravello
first course
a photo
in this price category yes let's how
i.e
crossovers
categories cantilever type day available
my boyfriend
[music]
take away constituting the competition
acceptable
end up on you
panda
I would choose from all these
built by the authors of the year 90 excellent thanks
thank you very much for your opinion
dating
and in the young man do not tell us
why got into this car
crossover then you need to do
dawn is more like a summer cottage
but how do you view here skoda yeti
so let's say family car
to any specific goals
story
he is strong
love
not the first time that is not inspiring you
Yes, I like Skoda
by the end
but what does not like the interior and body
or interior or hoopoe
[applause]
not enough
Well, what was the assessment he was given if
appreciated and
10 point scale
its subject of temperatures
baseball
characters up we
and everything would be your native age with what it was
right away
which model
other brands
[music]
teeth saxist Eric offered
swimsuit
well thank you very much for the opinion here it is
very important for our viewers
all the best for now